Minutes of the Meeting:

12th of February 2018:

Present: Alan, Stephen, Eoin

Stephen demonstrated permissions idea/proposal in Java.
Looked into the possibility of conversion of idea to JavaScript.

Began creation of Story Map:
-	Each member present, demonstrated the work done from the previous week, i.e. how they interpreted the creation of a story map.
-	Discussion of what activities were deemed appropriate with assistance from demonstrators
-	Delegation of tasks/activities were discussed
-	Tasks were transferred to Q Cards and a final story map was constructed
-	Discussion on the variety of priorities were made
-	Tasks were divided by priority

Following the Story Map talk, there was more project discussion that was conducted in relation to colour scheme, text styling etc. for the web app. Also, the need for more research into design and logo creation.
We agreed that the data that was to be pulled down from Firebase needed to be formatted into two ways. One for a high level of detail for Doctors and Nurses to interpret and another that could be possibly exported as a 'family friendly version' as an email or PDF for family members to understand what is the current update of their sick family member.

A second meeting this week was scheduled for Wednesday at 11am.

It was agreed that we would each research the following topics:

Alan: Sending Data to Firebase, Designing the create record page
Eoin: Pulling data from firebase and creating the family friendly report
Stephen: Also looking into pulling data from firebase with Eoin
Andre: Design the look of the login page

Meeting 14/02/2018:

All present.
Discussion of different work done since Monday the 12th.
Alan demonstrated Login work capabilities with Firebase.
Eoin and Stephen demonstrated how to send and pull data from Firebase.
Code demonstration was conducted.
It was agreed that GitHub would be used to share code across each other.
A retry of the User Story was needed for the final report.
For Monday, it was agreed that each person would do the following:
- Eoin: Design
- Stephen: Pulling data, creation of an Index Page and a page detailing all childs
- Alan: Continuing Login work
Next meeting would be on Monday the 19th of February.


Meeting Monday 26/2/18:

Scrum Meeting Commenced:

All Present.
The first week of the first sprint commenced.
Eoin: worked with Stephen on Firebase.This included working on pulling data from Firebase and displaying it in HTML.
Eoin also worked on NodeJS in particular linked HMTL with CSS and JavaScript.
He hopes to continue this work into the end of the first sprint.

Stephen: worked with Eoin on Firebase, in particular on pulling data from Firebase into a HTML view. This included pulling
particular child data on certain patients and worked on button clicks to change different patient details.
Stephen also worked on spliting incoming data up, a key part to the section on sending data to families. He hopes to continue 
this and finish by the end of sprint one.

Alan: worked on user login including creating an account, password retrieval and signing in. Also included was determining 
different ways users could access the different pages.
Login design is also complete and Alan hopes to include bringing up User info on the home page welcoming them.
Alan hopes to finish this and commence work on sending data via nodemailer.

Andreaz: worked on the Home page design. This included combining HTML and CSS files etc together. It has been requested that
he finishes his design by the end of the first week and commence work on the server side of things.

It was agreed amoung the group that all code should be commented and split up (i.e. all HTML in HTML files, all JavaScript
in JS files and all CSS in CSS files etc).

We agreed to meet up again, Weds 26th of Feb 2018.


SCRUM Meeting Monday the 12th of March 2018

Present: Alan, Stephen and Eoin

The purpose of this SCRUM meeting is to demonstrate the code we have been working on.

- Alan: demonstrated the login features, the change of home page design, the automatic sign out, the send email with data
pulled from Firebase and the send text message data.
- Stephen: demonstrated pulling and sending data to Firebase.
- Eoin: demonstrated server side creation etc.

The group have agreed the next step is to establish a final database design and try uploading it to the server. An overall
look at integrating all the code together.


SCRUM Meeting: Monday the 16th of April 2018

Present: Alan, Stephen and Eoin

Start of last Sprint.

It was outlined that the project was to be completed by Monday 30th of April 2018.
The focus on this sprint was to integrate Alan and Stephen's code together into a working final prototype.
From there, it could to sent onto the Digital Ocean server for final deployment.
Testing was to also be a key feature in this section. Black Box testing techniques needed to identified and tested on the
software before presentation. This will be further discussed at a later meeting.
Eoin was to look into security issues, SSH keys etc and have the server ready for final deployment.


SCRUM Meeting: Friday the 20th of April 2018:

Present: Alan, Stephen and Eoin

Since the last meeting the initial integration of the software project was completed. The project was uploaded to the server
and all initial functionality was tested.
Create and retrieve techniques worked as well as sending emails and text messages.
We all identified as series of features that still need to be addressed this included:
- Having the colour scheme change depending on who was logged in
- Including the print page option as part of the patient's records
- Re-designing the patients page to make it more legible
- Sending more patient information to the email page in order to email it on
- Coming up with software testing techniques for the testing aspect of the project
- Getting the SSH keys functioning
We agreed this was in need of urgent attention before the presentation on the final week. We also took note that the
screencast should also be completed beforehand.


23rd of April 2018:
Present: Alan, Eoin and Stephen
Since previous meeting all integration has been completed and functionality tested for compliance.
Eoin is to integrate SHH keys into the server for security.
All members are to work on final CSS design.
Stephen plans on carrying out the Screencast post app completion and will receive notes on what to say from Alan and Eoin
We also plan on making a start to the report by gathering all previous minutes of meetings etc.
We plan on meeting again before the end of the week to plan for the presentation next Monday








